AWS IAM Authentication (#103)
awslabs/aws-mysql-jdbc: README.md

public class AwsIamAuthenticationSample {

   private static final String CONNECTION_STRING = "jdbc:mysql:aws://database-mysql-name.cluster-XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com";
   private static final String USER = "example_user_name";

   public static void main(String[] args) throws SQLException {
      /// Load AWS RDS driver
      DriverManager.registerDriver(new Driver());

      // Create properties and set-up for AWS IAM database authentication
      final Properties properties = new Properties();
      properties.setProperty(PropertyKey.useAwsIam.getKeyName(), Boolean.TRUE.toString());
      properties.setProperty(PropertyKey.USER.getKeyName(), USER);

      // Try and make a connection
      try (final Connection conn = DriverManager.getConnection(CONNECTION_STRING, properties)) {
         try (final Statement myQuery = conn.createStatement()) {
            try (final ResultSet rs = myQuery.executeQuery("SELECT NOW();")) {
               while (rs.next()) {
                  System.out.println(rs.getString(1));
               }
            }
         }
      } catch (final SQLException throwable) {
         throwable.printStackTrace();

>       }

Reviewer: We should either just throw the exception or print a helpful message. We shouldn't catch the exception here just to print the stack trace.

| Parameter       | Value           | Required      | Description  |
| ------------- |:-------------:|:-------------:| ----- |
|`allowXmlUnsafeExternalEntity` | Boolean | No | Set to true if you would like to use XML inputs that refer to external entities. WARNING: Setting this to true is unsafe since your system to be prone to XXE attacks.<br/><br/>**Default value:** `false` |

### AWS IAM Authentication

An optional authentication method is to use Amazon AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). 

> When using AWS IAM Authentication, Connection URL must be an Amazon endpoints, and not a custom domain or IP Address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using AWS IAM authentication, Connection URL must be a valid Amazon endpoint, and not a custom domain or an IP address. 
```
Can you please provide some example URLs?

Reviewer 2: db-identifier.cluster-XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com

> IAM database authentication is available for the following database engines:

Reviewer: Can we be consistent with our wording? Either `AWS IAM authentication` or `IAM database authentication`.
Instead of putting the availability here, can we provide a link to the AWS documentation? The documentation also talks about limitations and recommendation. 

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html#UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.Limitations

- MySQL 8.0, minor version 8.0.16 or higher
- MySQL 5.7, minor version 5.7.16 or higher
- MySQL 5.6, minor version 5.6.34 or higher

#### Setup for IAM database Authentication for MySQL 

> 1. Enable IAM Authentication for existing database or; Create a new Database on AWS RDS Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable AWS IAM authentication for an existing database or create a new database on AWS RDS Console
```

>    1. Creating new Database: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_CreateDBInstance.html

Reviewer: Can you please ensure we are using proper casing?

|`useAwsIam` | Boolean | No | Set to true if you would like to use AWS IAM Authentication<br/><br/>**Default value:** `false` |

###### Sample Code
```java
import java.sql.Connection;
import java.sql.DriverManager;
import java.sql.ResultSet;
import java.sql.SQLException;
import java.sql.Statement;
import java.util.Properties;

import software.aws.rds.jdbc.mysql.shading.com.mysql.cj.conf.PropertyKey;
import software.aws.rds.jdbc.mysql.Driver;

public class AwsIamAuthenticationSample {

   private static final String CONNECTION_STRING = "jdbc:mysql:aws://database-mysql-name.cluster-XYZ.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com";
   private static final String USER = "example_user_name";

   public static void main(String[] args) throws SQLException {
     
      // Load AWS RDS Driver
      DriverManager.registerDriver(new Driver());
      
      // Create Properties and Set-up for AWS IAM Authentication
      final Properties properties = new Properties();
      properties.setProperty(PropertyKey.useAwsIam.getKeyName(), Boolean.TRUE.toString());
      properties.setProperty(PropertyKey.USER.getKeyName(), USER);

      // Try and make a Connection

>       Connection conn = DriverManager.getConnection(CONNECTION_STRING, properties);

Reviewer: Please use try-with-resources statements.

https://www.baeldung.com/java-try-with-resources

>       // Test a Query

Reviewer: @hsuamz do we need to have these comments in our samples?

      final Statement myQuery = conn.createStatement();
      ResultSet rs = myQuery.executeQuery("SELECT NOW();");
      while (rs.next()) {
         System.out.println(rs.getString(1));
      }

      // Close Connection
      conn.close();
   }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: nit: extra line
